the medical school of the
autonomous university of new lion is born
in 1859 in former town houses
located in zaragoza and ocampo and it's up to
the year of 1952 when he moved to his
current building on the campus of the area
health, the educational offer consists of
two degrees the doctor surgeon
and midwife and the clinical chemist
biologist which are
accredited and endorsed by the council
Mexican for the accreditation of the
comaem medical education and by the board
national education and exercise
professional of the chemical sciences with
the ecc respectively offers a total
of 43 postgraduate programs 39
specialties of which 24 are
recognized by the pnpc of with and two
masters one in sciences with different
Guidance supported and accredited by
the interagency committee for
evaluation of higher education and
by the national science council and
technology with international competence
and the mastery of traditional medicine
Chinese with guidance in acupuncture and
moxibustion accredited by the committee
inter-agency for the evaluation of
higher education likewise the
faculty has two doctorates
the doctorate in science and the doctorate
in medicine both recognized by the
inter - institutional committee for
evaluation of higher education and
by the national science council and
technology conacyt the license plate
undergraduate students amounts to
the 5 thousand 625 and the graduate to the 821
students their facilities count
with 44 classrooms a library with more than
8,000 copies laboratories cubicles
general practice areas
for artistic and cultural groups as well
as specific cubicles for each one
of the working and research groups
of the affairs secretariat
university the teaching staff has
with 293 teachers 285 of them from
full time of which 231
have the profile promp so much
87 researchers subscribed to the system
of researchers like the
academic bodies the centers of
research in addition to the 52
hospital departments and services
university promote the generation of
theoretical and practical knowledge of high
impact for the benefit of society the
medical school confirms its
social commitment through service
of the university hospital
doctor josé eleuterio gonzález where the
health professionals of excellence
academic in the various disciplines of
the biomedical sciences play their
teaching and teaching
research within an ethical framework and
humanitarian